What is the best type of mattress?
There is no set answer for the best type of mattress. Most people tend to prefer memory foam or hybrid mattresses.

What mattress do you recommend for back problems?
The best mattresses for back problems depend on the location of pain and your primary sleep position. According to chiropractors, the top mattress for back pain is the Saatva. Approved by the Congress of Chiropractic State Associations, the Saatva is a hybrid mattress designed for increased lumbar support and spinal alignment.

Make sure to talk to your doctor about your pain. To learn more about the best mattresses for back pain, check out our guide, Ask a Chiropractor: Mattress Recommendations.

What is an organic mattress made out of?
Organic mattresses are made from organic and sustainable materials like organic cotton and wool. Organic mattresses also do not contain VOCS (volatile organic compounds). These harmful chemicals are in synthetic foam mattresses and can cause breathing problems, allergies, and skin irritation.

SleePare carries many of the newest organic mattresses. Check out our organic mattress guide to learn more.

What is the best mattress to buy in 2020?
Check out SleePare’s best mattresses of 2020 to learn more about our favorites.

If I buy a new mattress, how do I get rid of my old one?
Different cities and states have different regulations around how to and where to dispose of mattresses. Before throwing out your old mattress, make sure to check with local authorities on regulations in your area.

If you’re in the NYC area, read our guide for more information about mattress disposal in the area.

What is a bed-in-a-box?
A “bed-in-a-box” is a mattress that easily collapses into a box and can be shipped to customers. Online mattress companies revolutionized this concept with new foam materials. SleePare carries both “bed-in-a-box” and traditional mattresses.

What is the best mattress for hot sleepers?
No one likes to sleep hot and SleePare has compiled a list of the best mattresses for hot sleepers with the Helix Birch as our number one pick. Check out our guide to learn more about the best mattresses for hot sleepers.