The Most Important Mattress
Comparison Factors
If you’re using our comparison tool, you might be wondering what to pay attention to when reviewing the comparisons side by side. While there are many factors to consider, here are the most important.

Materials
Materials
The materials your mattress is made from is often the ultimate deciding factor in purchasing a new mattress. Each type of mattress provides different benefits and comfort. The type of mattress you choose depends on personal preference. There is no way to know for sure what mattress suits you best until you try, but we can recommend certain types of mattresses for specific needs. For example, latex and organic mattresses are recommended for those who suffer from allergies.

When selecting mattress materials, make sure to consider your primary sleep position as well. Every sleep position benefits from a different type of mattress. Check out our table above, or visit our blog to learn more about what mattress works best for certain sleep positions.

If you are unsure what type of mattress would work the best for you, one of the experts at SleePare can recommend your perfect mattress!

Brand
With so many brands available, it can be difficult to decide which ones are worth checking out. If you find a mattress that catches your eye, do some research on the brand before moving forward with a purchase. Make sure to purchase from a reputable brand and read credible reviews from customers and mattress review websites like SleePare.

Once you decide on a brand, additional information about the brand can help you decide on your purchase. Make sure to research important information like return policy, warranties, delivery, and trial periods before making a purchase.

Brand
body type
Body Type Suitability
Many people do not consider their body type when purchasing and comparing mattresses. Support and pressure distribution varies for different body types and builds. Visit our website to learn more about the best mattresses for heavier individuals.

Couples Adjustability
Sleeping with a partner brings its own set of challenges. If you are sleeping with someone else, it is best to consider features that make sleeping with a partner more comfortable. Features that work the best for couples include edge support, motion isolation, and mattresses with adjustable or more than one comfortable level.

couple
Price and Value
Price and Value
Setting a budget once you start shopping lets you narrow down your selections so you can pick the best option for your body and wallet. Often, higher-priced, luxury mattresses come with more features and fluff than value and functionality. Narrowing down your choices will help you find a quality mattress that will last and include the features you want without paying more for unneeded features.