Where Can I Try A Bear Mattress in 2026?
By Shanir Kol | Sep 21st, 2025 | Minute Read
Where Can I Try A Bear Mattress in 2026?
Where To Test A Bear Mattress In-Store?
If you're interested in trying a Bear mattress, you have the opportunity to experience it firsthand in five SleePare stores across the United States. SleePare offers a unique showroom experience where you can test the comfort and quality of Bear mattresses before making a purchase.

This allows you to ensure the mattress meets your personal comfort preferences and sleep needs, making SleePare an ideal destination for discerning mattress shoppers.

where can i try a Bear mattress

Can I Try A Bear Mattress In-Store Before I Buy?
Yes! You absolutely can try a Bear mattress in-store. You just need to find one of their retail partners. When you buy a mattress from a trusted retailer, you increase your confidence in your purchase.

You’ll know that the mattress you take home is the exact one you want—the perfect fit for your body type, temperature preferences, and favorite sleep position. Plus, when you shop for a mattress in-person, you’ll get more personalized customer service, faster delivery, and better deals. 

Test & Buy your favorite online-mattresses in-store
 

Why Is Bear So Popular?
While it’s not the most well-known online mattress brand, Bear is quickly gaining popularity. Sleep experts and customers alike are falling in love—and fast! 

Over 19,000 customer reviews
Average 4.8 stars on Google Customer Reviews
Voted “Best Online Mattress” by Bravo and Good Housekeeping
Voted “Best Hybrid Mattress” by The Sleep Foundation and Slumber Yard
Voted “Best Mattress for Back Pain” by Business Insider and Mattress Advisor
Voted “Best Mattress for Athletes” by Sports Illustrated
Voted “Best Mattress” by Entrepreneur and Mattress Clarity
And, after looking at this mattress ourselves, we totally get it. Bear mattresses are a great buy for many different sleepers! Here are our top 6 reasons to choose a Bear mattress:

1. Cooling Gel Foam
Unlike traditional covers that often trap body heat and increase body temperature, Bear hybrid mattress covers are infused with cooling smart material, such as graphite, to help wick away body heat and moisture. Gel foam layers add additional comfort for a sound sleep night after night. Great for plus size and hot sleepers. Their models also make great mattresses for couples.

2. Award Winning Support
Bear memory foam mattresses and hybrid mattresses alike offer excellent pressure relief on sore joints and sensitive backs, winning them awards as the “Best Mattress for Back Pain” and “Best Mattress for Athletes”. Their Bear Original mattresses are especially great for sleepers with hip pain and shoulder pain. 

3. Great Firmness Options
Whether you’re looking for a soft support mattress or a firm one, Bear has you covered with multiple options for each of their models, ranging from a super-cushy 5 to an ultra-supportive 10 on the firmness scale. Plus, each Bear mattress includes great edge support to help prevent you from rolling off the bed or feeling unsupported at the edge. Stomach sleepers can even choose a firm hybrid option and add on a cooling gel foam pillow for perfect cushion. 

4. Minimal Motion Transfer
Deluxe memory foam cushions your entire body to keep you from disturbing your partner as you move around in your sleep. The hybrid mattresses also provide extra bounce and support for maximum recovery as you sleep. This means that, no matter how much you toss and turn, you’ll always get a restful night’s sleep.

5. Clean Sleeping Experience
Bear mattresses are made with the highest standard in mind, using the best, safest materials possible. The Bear brand adheres to strict regulations for user safety and environmental consciousness.The mattresses are certified by Greenguard Gold and Certi-PUR-US, independently tested for off-gas emissions, and certified non-toxic. Bear mattresses are proudly made in the U.S.A. with locally-sourced materials from across the country.

6. Luxury Mattress With Frame
Bear mattresses can be bought alone, since they easily fit into most standard mattress frames. However, Bear also offers a good selection of high quality bed bases including a foundation+frame model, an adjustable base, and a platform bed option. Bed accessories, such as blankets and pillows, are also available.

After reading all that, I’ll bet you’re excited to try out a Bear mattress for yourself! Thankfully, you’re no longer stuck with just an online-order-to-sleep-trial package. Now, you can test them out in person.

what store can i try out a Bear mattress

Where To Test A Bear Mattress In-Store Near Me?
Actually, you can test a Bear mattress in a SleePare mattress showroom! We have five convenient locations that make it easy for you to try before you buy. We’re confident you’ll find the mattress of your dreams. In fact, we guarantee it!

Where To Try A Bear Mattress In New York City
In addition to Bear mattresses our NYC mattress store has a full selection of online mattress brands such as Nectar, Winkbed, Puffy, and Leesa. You can test your Bear mattress and a few more, right in the center of midtown Manhattan. You can walk in on your lunch break or make an appointment—then let our service pros take care of the rest. 

Where to Try a Memory Foam Mattress in New York City
SleePare Mattress Store in New York City
image
218 West 30th St, New York City, NY 10001
image
+1 929 605 4748
image
nycstore@sleepare.com
Book Appointment
Premium online brands
Experienced service pros
Best price + free shipping
White-glove delivery
Risk-free trial & extended returns
For more information on our locations, team, and policies, check out our website. There, you’ll also find directions to our New York store from Jersey City, Upper Manhattan, and Brooklyn, and other hot locations. If you have any questions or concerns, just contact us. 

Where To Try A Bear Mattress In Boston
Minutes away from downtown Boston, you’ll find our Boston mattress store. There, you can test a Bear mattress—plus other great brands like Helix, Mlily, Nectar, WinkBeds, Puffy, Brooklyn Bedding, Ghostbed, Lull, Luuf, and Leesa. You can walk right in, but we recommend setting up an appointment to lock in your time. That will ensure that our staff have everything you need to take home the mattress of your dreams. 

Testing online hybrid mattresses in-store
SleePare Mattress Store in Boston
image
1 General Way, #80 Reading, MA 01867, USA
image
+1 617 699 1667
image
reading@sleepare.com
Book Appointment
Great deals
Satisfaction guaranteed
Best mattress brands
Free shipping & delivery
Boston attractions nearby
Our Boston location is the only store in the area where you can try out some of the best online mattress brands, risk-free. We make it easy to get your new bed, then take the whole family on an adventure to visit the many local Boston attractions just minutes away.

Where To Try A Bear Mattress In Tyson’s Corner
The Tyson’s Corner Shopping Mall in Maclean, Virginia is home to our Tyson’s Corner location. We’ve got a full selection of over 15 online mattress brands, right there in our showroom. Try out your Bear mattress, then check out Helix, Mlily, Nectar, WinkBeds, Puffy, Brooklyn Bedding, Ghostbed, Lull, Luuf, and Leesa. 

Testing online hybrid mattresses in-store
SleePare Mattress Store in Tyson's Corner
image
1524 Spring Hill Rd, McLean, VA 22102, USA
image
+1 703 389 5969
image
tysons@sleepare.com
Book Appointment
No-cost shipping
Full-service delivery
Satisfaction warranty
Customer deals and discounts
Near Washington, D.C. & Baltimore
Our friendly and experienced staff will be standing by to answer your questions, make suggestions, and get you anything else you need to make your decision. We’ll recommend the ideal mattress for your and your family based on your budget, preferences, and sleep concerns. 

Where To Try A Bear Mattress In Los Angeles
You can test out a Bear mattress near you at our L.A. mattress store. It’s located just minutes away from Los Angeles’ popular tourist sites—including Hancock Park, La Brea Tar Pits, the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures, and Wilshire Boulevard. Just test luxury mattresses, then bring the family for an L.A. adventure.


SleePare Mattress Store in Los Angeles
image
2142 Pontius Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90025
image
+1 347 980 0044
image
lastore@sleepare.com
Book Appointment
Risk-free trial
Full-service delivery
Great prices & discounts
Free shipping
Exceptional service
No matter what your size, shape, sleeping style, or preferences, this showroom has a full selection of mattresses to fit your unique situation. Test a Bear mattress or sample some of our other online mattress brands. We’ve got Helix, Mlily, Nectar, WinkBeds, Puffy, Brooklyn Bedding, Ghostbed, Lull, Luuf, and Leesa.

Where To Try A Bear Mattress In Miami
Visiting South Beach, Coconut Grove, or Miami Beach? Looking to do some shopping on your way from the Miami International Airport? While you’re here, check out our Miami Location. It’s just miles away from other hot Miami attractions, so you can make a day of it.

Testing online hybrid mattresses in-store
SleePare Mattress Store in Miami
image
217 NW 36th St, Miami, FL 33127, USA
image
+1 786 661 3300
image
miami@sleepare.com
Book Appointment
Unbeatable pricing
Great sleep guarantee
Free, no-hassle trial
Nationwide shipping
Appointment or walk-ins available
You can try a Bear mattress risk-free in our showroom. Then test out other online mattress brands like Helix, Mlily, Nectar, WinkBeds, Puffy, Brooklyn Bedding, Ghostbed, Lull, Luuf, and Leesa. Our team can’t wait to help you get the sleep of your dreams!

Where To Try A Bear Mattress In Dallas
You can also try a Bear mattress at our Dallas showroom in Farmers Branch. Test the mattress in person and compare it with other popular online brands in a relaxed testing environment. Our team is available to guide you through comfort levels and help you choose confidently.

SleePare Dallas mattress store testing Bear mattress models
SleePare Mattress Store in Dallas
image
4887 Alpha Rd #220, Farmers Branch, TX 75244, USA
image
214 - 837 - 2686
image
dallas@sleepare.com
Book Appointment
Premium online brands
Experienced service pros
Best price + free shipping
White glove delivery
Risk free trial and extended returns
Book your appointment at our Dallas showroom and experience the Bear mattress with personalized guidance.

Where to test a Bear mattress

 

Test Other Mattress Brands
Test Brooklyn Bedding
Try DreamCloud
Test Nectar
Try Puffy
 

Frequently Asked Questions
Do I Need An Appointment At The SleePare Store To Test A Mattress?
No, SleePare showrooms accept walk-ins as well as appointments. However, scheduling a visit can help us serve you better. Plus, you’ll have more time to explore our wide selection of online mattress brands. 

What Is The Best Way To Care For Your Bear Mattress?
To care for your Bear mattress, use the instructions you get with your purchase. We also recommend that you change your bedsheets once a week. You should also vacuum your mattress monthly. If you think your mattress may encounter stains or spills, such as in a house with children, it’s also a good idea to add a waterproof mattress cover.

Can You Test A Bear Mattress Before Buying?
Yes, you can test a Bear mattress before buying it. Just visit a SleePare mattress store near you. We have 5 showroom locations in New York, Massachusetts, Virginia, California, and Florida. You’ll get free, full-service shipping across the country—and great deals on luxury online mattress brands. If you’re not nearby, visit our blog for more information on how to try mattresses in person at a different store.

Can You Test A Ghostbed Mattress Before Buying?
Yes, you can test a Ghostbed mattress in a store run by one of Ghostbed’s retail partners. The easiest way is to visit one of the SleePare showrooms in New York, Massachusetts, or California. We also offer free shipping across the country. If you’re not ready to visit just yet, see our blog for more tips.

Who Owns Bear Mattress?
Bear Mattress is owned by the partnership of Brooklyn Bedding and Helix sleep. They purchased the company In July of 2022. The company is still managed by Bear CEO, Scott Paladini. 

Conclusion
Have you been wondering: “At what store can I try a Bear mattress?” Well, wonder no more! SleePare has five, convenient locations in New York, Massachusetts, Virginia, California, and Florida. Each full-service showroom is wheelchair-accessible and family-friendly so you can have a truly luxurious shopping experience on your way to the best sleep you’ve ever had. 