Where Can I Try & Buy a Dreamcloud Mattress in 2026
By Shanir Kol | Sep 19th, 2025 | Minute Read
Where Can I Try & Buy a Dreamcloud Mattress in 2026
Where Can I Test Dreamcloud In-Store?
Looking to try a DreamCloud mattress in person? SleePare is the perfect place for you!

Experience the benefits of testing popular online mattress brands at our in-store locations. At SleePare, you can explore a wide selection of online mattresses in-store and consult with our sleep experts for personalized advice on firmness levels, memory foam layers, and hybrid mattress options.

When searching for a DreamCloud mattress review, you'll find various opinions, but the best way to know if it's right for you is by trying it. At SleePare, we offer 30-minute nap trials, allowing you to experience the gel-infused memory foam, contouring layers, and pressure-relief features of the DreamCloud Premier Rest. Test it out firsthand and discover what sleeping on a DreamCloud mattress really feels like!

Test & Buy your favorite online-mattresses in-store
 

SleePare Store Locations
From NYC’s bustling streets to the laid-back vibes of LA, there’s likely a SleePare spot not too far from you, ready to introduce you to the DreamCloud experience. Discover where you can test out the ultimate in mattress luxury.

SleePare Mattress Store New York City
Our SleePare in New York City offers a wide selection of Dreamcloud mattresses, including styles best for stomach and back sleepers. A variety of mattresses also offer motion transfer, edge support, and individually wrapped coils. Your sleep position matters, and you can find out about memory foam and pressure relief by laying in the Dreamcloud bed yourself. Take advantage of our 30-minute nap trials and recommendations from our sleep experts.

We also offer free shipping in the US and Canada. If you want same-day delivery, we can make that happen for a fee. When you find the right mattress, sometimes it's challenging to wait until it's set up in your home and ready for sleeping. Our white-glove service goes beyond your front steps and includes in-home assembly.

SleePare Mattress Store New York City

Name: SleePare Mattress Store New York City
Address:218 West 30th St, New York City, NY 10001, USA
Phone number: 866-841-5063
Email address: nycstore@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/us/mattress-showroom/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 7:30 PM
Tuesday 11 AM - 7:30 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 7:30 PM
Friday 10 AM - 7:30 PM
Saturday 10 AM - 7:30 PM
Sunday 10 AM - 7:30 PM


“If I could give Valerio 10 stars I would! My husband and I just bought a mattress from SleePare with the help of Valerio and we are speechless. He was absolutely amazing. From his knowledge about all the different mattresses to his patience with us as we tried mattresses for over 2 hours, he made us feel so comfortable with our mattress choice! We would recommend him and SleePare to anyone. 100/10 recommend!” - Torrye Zullo

 

SleePare Mattress Store Los Angeles
SleePare Los Angeles is the best place to try Dreamcloud mattresses and other online brands so that you can be confident when making your purchase. Buying a bed by relying on a Dreamcloud mattress review will not always turn out in your favor. However, SleePare makes it possible to sleep on the mattress with our 30-minute nap trial. Enjoy the comforts of memory foam, pressure relief, and a cashmere blend cover as you test the hybrid mattress.

All mattresses at SleePare are made from high-quality materials and include models for heavier sleepers or combination sleepers. Choose Dreamcloud hybrid for temperature regulation and reinforced edges. Enjoy free shipping and same-day delivery for a fee. Your satisfaction is our highest priority.

SleePare Mattress Store Los Angeles

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Los Angeles
Address:  2142 Pontius Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90025
Phone number: 866-699-2528
Email address: lastore@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/los-angeles-ca/
Hours And Location

Monday 10 AM - 6:30 PM
Tuesday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Wednesday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Thursday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Friday 10:30 AM – 6:30 PM
Saturday 10 AM – 7 PM
Sunday 10 AM – 7 PM


“Walked in just to “look” and walked out as happy customers with a brand new king size mattress! Setareh was very helpful and super informative and very kind! Thank you so much for helping us!” - Jordan Suzuki

 

SleePare Mattress Store Boston
Analyzing each Dreamcloud mattress review can feel impossible. You search to no avail for recommendations that describe a supportive mattress suitable for combination sleepers or those with hip pain. Visit SleePare in Boston to sleep in the bed yourself before buying a hybrid model with gel-infused memory foam or a Dreamcloud bed with individually wrapped coils.

Experience the motion transfer, high-quality materials, and edge support of Dreamcloud mattresses during our 30-minute nap trial. Feel the luxurious cashmere blend cover and curl into your favorite sleep position to determine if the mattress works for you. Once your decision is made, expect free delivery by SleePare. We can also arrange same-day delivery for a fee.

SleePare Mattress Store Boston

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Boston
Address: 1 General Way, #42 Reading, MA 01867 United States
Phone number: 866-545-8644
Email address: reading@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/boston-ma/
Hours And Location

Monday 11 AM - 6:30 PM
Tuesday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Wednesday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Thursday 10 AM - 5 PM
Friday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Saturday 10 AM – 6:30 PM
Sunday 10 AM – 6:30 PM


“Breanna is the most patient and knowledgeable expert. I went in several times and each time she helped narrow down which mattress and base would best fit my needs. She provides honest feedback about each bed as well. Highly recommend going to the store.” - Darshil Modi

 

SleePare Mattress Store Tysons
Visit our SleePare in Tysons to take a nap on the Dreamcloud hybrid. Whether you sleep hot or have hip pain, you can see if the hybrid mattress will meet your needs during our 30-minute nap trial. Stomach sleepers can enjoy the memory foam layered inside Dreamcloud mattresses while they snooze. Our sleep experts will make recommendations like pairing a mattress with a box spring to provide pressure relief or motion isolation.

While browsing all the other mattresses, you may consider an adjustable base or medium firm mattress for back sleepers. When you've made your choice, we can arrange free delivery to your home or a white-glove service to set up in your bedroom. Your convenience is our priority at SleePare in Tysons.

SleePare Mattress Store Tysons

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Tysons
Address:  1524 Spring Hill Rd, McLean, VA 22102 United States
Phone number: 866-753-2408
Email address: tysons@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/tysons-va/
Hours And Location

Monday 11 AM – 7 PM
Tuesday 11 AM – 7 PM
Wednesday 11 AM – 7 PM
Thursday 1 PM - 7 PM
Friday 11 AM – 7 PM
Saturday 9:30 AM – 7 PM
Sunday 9:30 AM – 7 PM


“Tanner was so helpful and knowledgeable. It was invaluable to actually try the mattresses out in the store. We were pretty close in our guesses about what we'd like best from the mattress reviews we'd read online. But we ended up with a much more cooling choice than we would have if we had just ordered online. So happy with this experience. Thanks!” - Kiry Tiberius

 

SleePare Mattress Store Miami
The Dreamcloud hybrid is available to buy in the SleePare Miami store. We offer 30-minute nap trials to see if the hybrid mattresses are good for hip pain, pressure relief, and motion isolation. If you can't quite decide in 30 minutes, enjoy an extended return policy to be sure you're happy with your purchase. We match each mattress brand's return policy so that you have a satisfaction guarantee from SleePare.

Dreamcloud mattresses are popular, and now you have the chance to feel the memory foam between the layers and experience the Dreamcloud premier rest that everyone raves about. We suggest you call the Miami location to ensure we have the Dreamcloud mattress of your choice available to test. All models are available to purchase through SleePare, whether in stock or not, and we include free delivery.

SleePare Mattress Store Miami

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Miami
Address:  217 NW 36th St, Miami, FL 33127 United States
Phone number: 866-671-7981
Email address: miami@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/miami-fl/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Tuesday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM–6:30 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 5 PM
Friday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Saturday 10:30 AM – 6:30 PM
Sunday 10:30 AM – 6:30 PM


“This experience was amazing!! I loved how I could test out every mattress and find the perfect one for you. Shanar helped me find the best one based on my sleeping position and he was so helpful. If you want a good experience and if you want to find the perfect mattress for you DEFINITELY come here. There are so many different types of mattresses to feel and test out so there could be a perfect one for anyone. It was amazing!!” - Lexi Levy 

 

SleePare Mattress Store Chicago
SleePare in Chicago offers free naps with our 30-minute nap trial. Choosing a Dreamcloud mattress is tedious when all you have to rely on is reviews. Visit SleePare to lay down in the Dreamcloud Premier Rest or the Dreamcloud Hybrid with contouring foam layers. Decide if you've found the right mattress for stomach sleepers, senior sleepers, or side sleepers. Your sleep experience is different from anyone else's, and now you can see if Dreamcloud mattresses are the right fit for you.

We are happy to offer free shipping on all mattress purchases. For a fee, you can upgrade to same-day delivery and experience the luxurious feel of a good night's sleep immediately. Our sleep experts will offer advice on medium-firm beds vs. mattresses with extra support for motion isolation. Enjoy our interactive customer service experience at SleePare.

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Chicago
Address:  4866 W Irving Park Rd, Chicago, IL 60641, United States
Phone number: 347-450-7788
Email address: chicago@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/chicago-il/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Tuesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Friday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Saturday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Sunday 10:30 AM - 7 PM


“Matthew was amazing, taking his time to show us every bed we had interest in. He explained in detail the differences between our choices and most importantly he gave us enough to try the beds, without hovering or rushing us!! I am soooo happy with my purchase and the service!!

Stop looking for online reviews, come to Matthew and test them out yourself!!!” - Noemi Ortega

 

SleePare Mattress Store Long Island
If you want to try a Dreamcloud mattress in Long Island, look no further than SleePare. Experience the memory foam between lush layers and topped with a cashmere blend cover. You can read about the benefits of Dreamcloud mattresses all you want, but experiencing it for yourself is imperative. Lay down and take a nap on the hybrid mattress with our 30-minute nap trial. Whether you choose Dreamcloud Premier or Dreamcloud Hybrid as a budget-friendly option, you can test out the quality at SleePare.

We offer free shipping and an extended return policy that matches that of each online brand. If you do not like the Dreamcloud Hybrid mattress or any of the other mattresses, you can expect a full refund. Your satisfaction is our top priority.

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Long Island
Address:  2138 Hempstead Turnpike, East Meadow, NY 11554 USA
Phone number: +1 315-918-7967
Email address: longisland@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/long-island-ny/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Tuesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Friday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Saturday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Sunday 10:30 AM - 7 PM


“Patrick was great and very knowledgable on all the new beds out and was able to point us in the perfect direction can’t wait to sleep on my new bed. Patrick also didn’t not force anything on us and was very patient. Overall it was great experience highly recommend this store!” - Hamairani Garcia

 

SleePare Mattress Store Dallas
Our SleePare store in Dallas offers a wide selection of DreamCloud mattresses, including models designed for back, stomach, and combination sleepers. Visit our showroom to test DreamCloud mattresses in person and experience features like pressure relief, edge support, and hybrid comfort before making a decision. We offer free shipping across the US and Canada, with same day delivery available for a fee. Once you find the right mattress, our white glove service can include in home setup for a seamless experience.

SleePare Dallas showroom testing DreamCloud mattress in store

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Dallas
Address:  4887 Alpha Rd #220, Farmers Branch, TX 75244, USA
Phone number: 214 - 837 - 2686
Email address: dallas@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/dallas-tx/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Tuesday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Friday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Saturday 10:00 AM - 7:30 PM
Sunday 10:00 AM - 7:30 PM


“Max was so incredibly helpful in his knowledge of individual mattresses and comparisons!! Based on the criteria we gave him he was excellent in predicting which mattresses we’d like best while still allowing us to roam the store and figure out things for ourselves. Great experience!” Sarah Bailey

 

Additional Services and Amenities at SleePare Stores
We ensure a top-notch shopping experience for all customers, including those with accessibility needs.

Accessibility
Wheelchair-accessible seating
Wheelchair-accessible toilet
Service options
Curbside pickup
Delivery
In-store pick-up
In-store shopping
On-site services
Same-day delivery
What Models of Dreamcloud Mattresses are available?
We suggest you call the store to ask which Dreamcloud mattresses are available to test. All Dreamcloud beds are available for purchase and delivery but may not be in-store at the time of your visit. Either way, we will provide all the information you need to choose the best Dreamcloud mattress, whether a hybrid mattress or a Dreamcloud model with memory foam between the layers.

Some models of the Dreamcloud mattress that you can ask about are:

Dreamcloud Hybrid
Dreamcloud Premier
Benefits of testing a Dreamcloud mattress in a SleePare Store
Visit SleePare to try your favorite online mattress brand and enjoy the following benefits:

Sleep Expert Recommendations
30-Minute Nap Trials
Price-Matching
Extended Return Policy 
Free Delivery in the US and Canada
Popular Online Mattress Selections
Risk-Free Trials
On-Site Mattress Testing
White Glove Service
Can I make an appointment for my store visit?
Yes, we suggest you make an appointment before visiting the store to try a Dreamcloud mattress or others. We can understand your preferences and prepare a list of recommendations. We love to make the most of your visit by anticipating and preparing for your appointment.

Visit your location page to book your appointment.

Can I book an after-hours appointment?
Yes, we are happy to accommodate after-hours appointments. We know how busy you can get, and sleep is even more of a priority during busy times. Contact our store to schedule an after-hours appointment.

Can I buy a Dreamcloud mattress in-store? 
Yes, you can buy a Dreamcloud mattress in-store. We will schedule a free delivery or arrange same-day delivery for a fee. If the hybrid mattress model is not in stock at your location, we can order it for you.

Delivery
Free delivery is part of our commitment to customer satisfaction. When you purchase a Dreamcloud mattress or other brand from SleePare, we will drop it at your door for free. Upgrade to same-day delivery for $99 to sleep in your hybrid mattress that night.

White-Glove Service (need to pay) 
We also offer white-glove service for $190 so you can enjoy your new bed delivery without lifting a finger. We will assemble the mattress in your home so you can start sleeping the moment we leave.

Return Policy / Exchange Policy 
It takes a few weeks to decide whether a Dreamcloud mattress is suitable for side sleepers, back sleepers, firmness preferences, and more. Our return policy is generous and will match the return policy of each mattress brand. Consult with our sleep experts to exchange for the best Dreamcloud mattress model or other brand.

Free Trial 
Enjoy an extended return policy so that you can buy a Dreamcloud mattress risk-free. Did you use the mattress for a few weeks and need to return it? No problem. We honor Dreamcloud's free trial and any other mattress brand's free trial policies.

What firmness levels can I buy at your store?
Choose from several Dreamcloud mattress models to find your ideal firmness level:

Soft
Medium
Firm
Give us a call to make sure we have your desired Dreamcloud mattress model in stock. We are happy to recommend other brands that fit your firmness preferences as well.

Can I try other Dreamcloud products? 
We carry Dreamcloud mattresses at SleePare. All other accessories are not always guaranteed to be in stock.

In general, we offer pillows, sheets, bed frames, adjustable beds, and mattress protectors. Buy all your bedding needs in one stop when you visit SleePare.

What other brands can I test at SleePare?
At SleePare, you can try out and buy the following brands:

Helix
Nectar
Bear
Malouf
BedGear
Mlily
Puffy
Brooklyn Bedding
DreamCloud
Leesa
Velika
How can I contact SleePare customer support? 
We work hard to offer excellent customer service so that you feel excited about your mattress purchase and know you will have our support every step of the way. Give us a call with questions or concerns.

Phone Numbers by Location 
New York City: 866-841-5063
Chicago: 3474507788
Los Angeles: 866-699-2528
Tysons Corner: 866-753-2408
Boston: 866-545-8644
Miami: 866-671-7981
Long Island: +1 315-918-7967
Email Address
Email: info@sleepare.com 
Email Address
Contact Form: Book Appointment
Chat Support: Start a Chat