Where Can I Try & Buy A Mlily Mattress in 2026
By Shanir Kol | Sep 21st, 2025 | Minute Read
Where Can I Try & Buy A Mlily Mattress in 2026
Where Can I Test a Mlily In-Store?
SleePare is the best place to try a Mlily mattress. You don't have to worry about where to try Mlily when you visit one of our convenient locations to test and buy the bed of your dreams. We offer a variety of online mattresses so that you can feel confident about your new bed purchase. Find a Mlily mattress suitable for your needs, including memory foam, comfortable toppers, and optimal support levels.

At SleePare, choose from one of our eight locations to test popular online beds. Mlily mattresses offer a better experience based on your foam and pressure preferences. Enjoy our 30-minute nap trial to get a feel for how comfortable each offering is. If you're going to make a significant purchase, you want to get it right. Additionally, we have free shipping and same-day delivery for a fee. Investing in comf

Test & Buy your favorite online-mattresses in-store
SleePare Store Locations
Actually, you can test a Mlily mattress in a SleePare mattress showroom! We’ve got several, super-convenient locations so that you can easily review, test, and purchase high quality mattress brands that are usually only found online. Plus, the SleePare staff offers full service support and a satisfaction guarantee.

SleePare Mattress Store New York City
We know that buying a mattress online is challenging because you don't have the chance to test the quality and feel the materials. Our SleePare store in New York City offers a comfortable place to test Mlily mattresses and other popular online manufacturers. Whether looking for a bed with a box spring or an adjustable base, you can find it at SleePare.

Mlily mattresses have an excellent reputation online, but you don't have to buy one without sleeping in it first. Our 30-minute nap trial allows you to take a free nap right in our store. Our experts are ready to offer advice on beds with proprietary machinery focused on giving you the best sleep. Find the correct pressure in the foam and materials. When you are ready to buy, enjoy free delivery and even white glove service for a fee.

SleePare Mattress Store New York City

Name: SleePare Mattress Store New York City
Address: 218 West 30th St, New York City, NY 10001 USA
Phone number: 866-841-5063
Email address: nycstore@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/us/mattress-showroom/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 7:30 PM
Tuesday 11 AM - 7:30 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 7:30 PM
Friday 10 AM - 7:30 PM
Saturday 10 AM - 7:30 PM
Sunday 10 AM - 7:30 PM


“10/10 Experience every single time. I bought a Bear Elite Hybrid almost two years ago and I’m now leaving with an MLILY Power Cool thanks to Valerio. Valerio is such a god send. He is super knowledgeable about all of the mattresses in store. Beyond attentive to my needs and wants. He honestly is an all around great person and makes my experience here amazing every time. The store offers an amazing selection of mattresses to try out, and I’m sure you will find one you love. I can’t thank the store and Valerio enough for wonderful experience” - Nicole Jorge

 

SleePare Mattress Store Los Angeles
Stop by our SleePare store in Los Angeles to test out Mlily mattresses and more. You can find beds with memory foam, adjustable bases, and comfortable pillow tops. Enjoy the convenience of testing out your favorite online mattresses before buying one. You can even take a nap with our 30-minute nap trial.

We can set up free shipping on each purchase. If you have urgent sleep requirements, we can arrange same-day delivery for a fee. Your satisfaction is our priority. We will match any price and honor the return and exchange policy of each online brand we carry. SleePare is your go-to solution for creating the perfect bedroom experience.

SleePare Mattress Store Los Angeles

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Los Angeles
Address:  2142 Pontius Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90025
Phone number: 866-699-2528
Email address: lastore@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/los-angeles-ca/
Hours And Location

Monday 10 AM - 6:30 PM
Tuesday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Wednesday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Thursday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Friday 10:30 AM – 6:30 PM
Saturday 10 AM – 7 PM
Sunday 10 AM – 7 PM


“Setting up an appointment was super easy. Dray was an excellent salesman. He asked us about our needs and wants, and directed us to the perfect mattresses to try. We walked out of there in half an hour, purchased a mattress and base, and are super excited about our decision. I could safely recommend this place to anyone in need of a mattress!” - Tina Tran

 

SleePare Mattress Store Boston
By visiting the SleePare store in Boston, you can get the answer to your question about trying Mlily mattresses. We offer a variety of online brands to help you find the solution to your sleep issues. You spend one-third of your day in your bed - make sure it is comfortable and durable. Trying out affordable beds in person will allow you to make a confident purchase.

Lay down in our wide selection of beds, including features like memory foam, soft cover tops, and moisture-wicking materials. Take a nap with our 30-minute nap trial to see if the bed is suitable for your back pain, firm preferences, and nighttime position. We offer free delivery in the US and Canada, and you can even choose white glove service for a complete bedroom setup.

SleePare Mattress Store Boston

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Boston
Address: 1 General Way, #42 Reading, MA 01867 United States
Phone number: 866-545-8644
Email address: reading@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/boston-ma/
Hours And Location

Monday 11 AM - 6:30 PM
Tuesday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Wednesday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Thursday 10 AM - 5 PM
Friday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Saturday 10 AM – 6:30 PM
Sunday 10 AM – 6:30 PM


“We had a positive experience at Sleepare in Reading, MA. Breanna was helpful, attentive and showed us all the options I had researched, plus had additional suggestions for us to try. We really appreciated not getting pressured to buy, and were given time and space to decide on our own on the three mattresses we needed.” - T M
 

SleePare Mattress Store Tysons
Our SleePare store in Tysons is conveniently located to make your time easier as you look for Mlily mattresses or other online brands. Visit our store to test out the quality and materials of your favorite beds. You can enjoy the luxury of testing the mattresses before making a big purchase. We offer 30-minute nap trials so you can sleep in your bed to test out the memory foam, pillow top, and firmness level.

We can set up free deliveries in the US and Canada. If you find the perfect one and need it in your bedroom immediately, set up same-day delivery for a small fee. With our white glove service, we can even set up the bed in a room of your choice. Get better sleep quality in no time by choosing SleePare.

SleePare Mattress Store Tysons

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Tysons
Address:  1524 Spring Hill Rd, McLean, VA 22102 United States
Phone number: 866-753-2408
Email address: tysons@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/tysons-va/
Hours And Location

Monday 11 AM – 7 PM
Tuesday 11 AM – 7 PM
Wednesday 11 AM – 7 PM
Thursday 1 PM - 7 PM
Friday 11 AM – 7 PM
Saturday 9:30 AM – 7 PM
Sunday 9:30 AM – 7 PM


“Tanner was a great help navigating the world of mattresses and being super patient with us. He was very knowledgeable to ensure that we were getting the best one for our needs! Plus, there was absolutely ZERO pressure which I really appreciate it. Will definitely recommend others here!!” - Ian Bergstrom 

 

SleePare Mattress Store Miami
If you have ever purchased a mattress online, you know the risks involved. By visiting SleePare in Miami, you can eliminate the worries associated with buying online mattresses. Laying down to test the firmness and feel the cover for yourself will help you make a more informed decision. If you have back trouble or seek pressure-relieving memory foam, you can find that at SleePare. We have a wide selection of affordable mattresses, including Mlily mattresses.

We offer free delivery on all purchases. We also have a best-price guarantee and will offer discounts to match competitor prices. When you visit SleePare, you can enjoy valuable advice from our sleep experts. We want you to enjoy comfortable sleep for years to come.

SleePare Mattress Store Miami

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Miami
Address:  217 NW 36th St, Miami, FL 33127 United States
Phone number: 866-671-7981
Email address: miami@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/miami-fl/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Tuesday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM–6:30 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 5 PM
Friday 11 AM – 6:30 PM
Saturday 10:30 AM – 6:30 PM
Sunday 10:30 AM – 6:30 PM


“Excellent customer service. I really love this mattress. It feels really firm and just right for me. There are many choices to pick from. I really love the prices too. Strongly recommended. There is nothing more important that a good night sleep.” - Aldo Salas 

 

SleePare Mattress Store Chicago
Visit our conveniently located Chicago SleePare to try out your favorite mattress brands, including Mlily mattresses. It's essential to test popular online mattress brands before making a significant purchase on an item where you'll spend one-third of your time. Sleep quality is a top priority, and you can ensure you get a good night's sleep by trying out mattresses at SleePare.

We offer a 30-minute nap trial so that you can get a good feel for the materials and support available. Whether you are a stomach sleeper, a light sleeper, a side sleeper, or a lover of soft beds, you can find the right fit at SleePare. Enjoy free delivery to get your stuff dropped off at your doorstep or white glove service to have our team set it up for you.



Name: SleePare Mattress Store Chicago
Address:  4866 W Irving Park Rd, Chicago, IL 60641, United States
Phone number: 347-450-7788
Email address: chicago@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/chicago-il/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Tuesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Friday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Saturday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Sunday 10:30 AM - 7 PM


“Setareh helped me find a mattress today and was very helpful! She showed me lots of options within my budget for my sleep style and the mattress showroom had a great selection. I ended up settling on a Helix twilight. I would highly recommend this store.” - Abby Hanson

SleePare Mattress Store Long Island
It's easy to find the right mattress for your needs when you can try and buy from a wide selection at SleePare in Long Island. Whether you like a firm, hybrid, or cool mattress, you can try it out before you buy it. Take advantage of our 30-minute nap trial to get a feel for the texture, softness, and comfort level. After all, you sleep one-third of your time, so you want to invest in quality sleep.

We will match any price you see online. We also honor all manufacturer return and exchange policies so that you can enjoy a risk-free trial at home to see if your new purchase addresses back pain and pressure relief. We will ship free to anywhere in the US or Canada. We also offer white glove service so that you can sit back while our team sets up your bed in your home.

SleePare Long Island showroom mlily mattress testing in person

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Long Island
Address:  2138 Hempstead Turnpike, East Meadow, NY 11554 USA
Phone number: +1 315-918-7967
Email address: longisland@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/long-island-ny/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Tuesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Friday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Saturday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Sunday 10:30 AM - 7 PM


“Every mattress was fantastic. They were extremely knowledgeable and took their time to ensure I loved the mattress i chose. There are so many options to choose from. The pillows are so comfy as well! It really was an awesome experience! I can’t wait to sleep on my new mattress!” - BillieJean Ford

 

SleePare Mattress Store Dallas
Want to try an Mlily mattress in the Dallas area? Visit our SleePare showroom in Farmers Branch to test Mlily models in person and compare them with other popular online mattress brands. Our store provides a comfortable environment where you can explore different comfort levels and get expert guidance before buying.

SleePare Dallas showroom testing Mlily mattresses in person

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Dallas
Address:  4887 Alpha Rd #220, Farmers Branch, TX 75244, USA
Phone number: 214 - 837 - 2686
Email address: dallas@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/us/mattress-showroom/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PMM
Tuesday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Friday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Saturday 10:00 AM - 7:30 PM
Sunday 10:00 AM - 7:30 PM


“These guys are great to deal with. I looked online at mattresses and saw some things that interested me, but I was afraid to purchase without being able to actually see and feel what I was getting. They had a lot of items in stock and helped me figure out just what I needed. Price seemed to be the same as what I saw online, so a big win! They were informative and easy to work with. I would definitely go there again.” Greg Clifton

 

Additional Services and Amenities at SleePare Stores
It is a priority at SleePare to make every customer comfortable. Each place is optimized for accessibility, from the parking lot to the bathrooms to navigation throughout the showroom. Our sleep experts are on standby to answer questions and help when you need it

Accessibility
Wheelchair-accessible seating
Wheelchair-accessible toilet
Service options
Curbside pickup
Delivery
In-store pick-up
In-store shopping
On-site services
Same-day delivery
What Models of Mlily Mattresses are available? 
Mlily mattresses are one of our most popular brands. We are happy to carry many models so that you can test the best style for your sleeping needs.

Available models:
Mlily Powercool
Mlily Medium
Mlily Firm 
You can purchase any of these models through SleePare, but please call ahead for specific styles that you want to test on-site. We will confirm with you that your desired model is in stock and ready for sleeping.

Benefits of testing a Mlily mattress in a SleePare Store
Not only can you try your favorite mattress brand at SleePare, but you can also enjoy the following benefits: 

Expert Sleep Advice
Free Napping
Top-Rated Online Mattress Brands
Free Trials
Price Match Guarantee
Extended Return Policy
Complimentary Shipping
On-Site Mattress Tryouts
White Glove Delivery Service
Can I make an appointment for my store visit?
Yes, please book an appointment to visit SleePare. Our sleep experts will know what to expect when it comes to your preferences and desire to try Mlily mattresses. We will choose models to fit your needs and make them available for your visit.

Visit the store page to schedule your appointment.

Can I book an after-hours appointment?
Yes, we can schedule an after-hours visit at your convenience. We understand how busy life gets, and we want you to be able to get a better night's sleep as soon as possible. Schedule a time with us after hours to prioritize your sleep and feel confident in your purchase.

Can I buy a Mlily mattress in-store? 
Yes, Mlily mattresses are available on-site to try and buy at our SleePare locations. We offer free shipping and can even set up same-day deliveries for a fee. Find your dream mattress and get it set up with white glove service.

Delivery
Enjoy free shipping in the US and Canada. You can upgrade to same-day for a $99 fee. We are happy to accommodate your delivery needs.

White-Glove Service
Do not even lift a finger as we deliver and set up the mattress in a room of your choice. No heavy lifting is required when our team does all the manual labor for you. Upgrade to our white-glove service for $190 at checkout.

Return Policy / Exchange Policy 
SleePare is happy to match all return and exchange policies of each online mattress provider. Take comfort in knowing you can sleep in your bed and return it if you are not happy. Our sleep experts are determined to help you find the right fit.

Free Trial 
Take home the mattress and sleep on it risk-free. We will accept returns according to the policy of each online mattress brand. We are confident that you will find a bed that you love at SleePare.

What firmness levels can I buy at your store?
We love to hear about your preferences regarding soft, medium, or firm levels. At SleePare, it is our job to show you a wide selection of options so that you can try out each one.

We have the following firmness levels of Mlily mattresses:

Soft
Medium
Firm
While you can buy any of these Mlily models, we always suggest you call ahead to see if a specific model is available on-site. We want to be sure your preferred mattress is ready for your 30-minute nap trial.

Can I try other Mlily products? 
Mlily mattresses are available to try. We offer other accessories to ensure a good night's sleep, including options for pillows, a mattress cover, an adjustable base, sheets, mattress protection, and more. Find gel foam and pillow top layers to create an optimal sleeping setup.

What other brands can I test at SleePare?
SleePare offers some of the most popular online brands:

Helix
Nectar
Bear
Malouf
BedGear
Mlily
Puffy
Brooklyn Bedding
DreamCloud
Leesa
Velika
How can I contact SleePare customer support? 
We are happy to answer any questions you have about our wide selection of sleeping accessories. Speak with a representative to schedule an appointment, find a SleePare, and more. We can't wait to talk to you.

Phone Numbers by Location 
New York City: 866-841-5063
Chicago: 3474507788
Los Angeles: 866-699-2528
Tysons Corner: 866-753-2408
Boston: 866-545-8644
Miami: 866-671-7981
Long Island: +1 315-918-7967
Email Address
Email: info@sleepare.com 
Email Address
Contact Form: Book Appointment
Chat Support: Start a Chat
Contact SleePare for more information or book an appointment at the store. 

Frequently Asked Questions
Can I try a Mlily mattress at any major retail stores?
No, you will not find Mlily mattresses at your local department store. However, you are in luck because SleePare is a major retail store with eight convenient locations. Visit any SleePare to try out Mlily mattresses and more.

Are the SleePare stores that carry Mlily mattresses wheelchair accessible?
Yes, all SleePare stores are wheelchair accessible. We want you to be comfortable visiting our store and finding your perfect mattress. Throughout the showroom, you will have plenty of space to maneuver your wheelchair. In addition, our sleep experts are always available to help when needed.

How long should you try a mattress before returning it? 
SleePare offers 30-minute nap trials so that you can get a feel of the mattress before purchasing. But you really need a few weeks in bed to know if it offers the right support for your specific body. We will match any return policy of each online brand so you can try the mattress risk-free.