Where Can I Try A Nectar Mattress 2026
By Shanir Kol | Sep 19th, 2025 | Minute Read
Where Can I Try A Nectar Mattress 2026
Where Can I Test a Nectar Mattress In-Store?
Nectar is a high-quality mattress brand normally only sold online. Noted for its ability to create a good night's sleep and reducing aching muscles, you may want to try a Nectar mattress in person. At SleePare, you can do that in no time. Use the following guidelines to help you to test out a Nectar mattress close to you.

Test & Buy your favorite online-mattresses in-store
SleePare Mattress Store New York City
It is often said that no one really sleeps in New York City, and part of the reason could be the lack of a great mattress. At SleePare, you can try a Nectar mattress in-store close to home in New York City. Stop in after setting up an appointment to check out any of the most recent Nectar mattress options on the market. You can visit our location at West 30th Street.

SleePare Mattress Store NYC

Name: SleePare Mattress Store NYC
Address: 218 West 30th St, New York City, NY 10001, USA
Phone number: 929-605-4748
Email address: nycstore@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/us/mattress-showroom/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 7:30 PM
Tuesday 11 AM - 7:30 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 7:30 PM
Friday 10 AM - 7:30 PM
Saturday 10 AM - 7:30 PM
Sunday 10 AM - 7:30 PM


“Went to look for a mattess and my experience was informative and surprisingly fun! Valerio, the sales associate, was extremely helpful and kind. The best part is that he is honest and great at listening to your needs. He doesn’t no push for the highest ticketed items and allows you to form your own opinion with great suggestions! I ended up purchased a mattress and what’s great is the fact that they give a 4 month period to test out the mattress to your liking. Overall the experience was 10/10” lil ly



SleePare Mattress Store Los Angeles
In a city where everyone has something to do all of the time, a good night’s sleep is critical and so elusive. You know from personal experience that firmness and overall mattress and fabric technology matter. Nectar memory foam mattresses meet those objectives, especially with their Forever Warranty. However, you want to try them out first! Visit our SleePare Mattress Store in Los Angeles on W. Olympic Boulevard where you can try out a Nectar mattress in person.

SleePare Mattress Store Los Angeles

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Los Angeles
Address:  2142 Pontius Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90025
Phone number: 866-699-2528
Email address: lastore@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/los-angeles-ca/
Hours And Location

Monday 10 AM–6:30 PM
Tuesday 11 AM–6:30 PM
Wednesday 11 AM–6:30 PM
Thursday 11 AM - 5 PM
Friday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM 
Saturday 10 AM–7 PM
Sunday 10 AM–7 PM


“The best mattress showroom in LA! Good variety of online brands and loved being able to try before buying! Setareh was so kind and helpful! Couldn’t recommend more!” Lilly Russell



SleePare Mattress Store Boston
Whether you’re a college student at one of the Boston universities who struggles with poor sleep or you’re ready to find the perfect bed to lull you to sleep each night, a Nectar mattress could be the best option for you. Before you purchase one, though, you want to make sure there’s a perfect fit. That’s why customers visit our SleePare Mattress Store in Boston right on General Way. Visit our Boston location to try out a Nectar mattress now.

SleePare Mattress Store Boston

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Boston
Address: 1 General Way, #42 Reading, MA 01867, USA
Phone number: 866-545-8644
Email address: reading@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/boston-ma/
Hours And Location

Monday 11 AM–6:30 PM
Tuesday 11 AM–6:30 PM
Wednesday 11 AM–6:30 PM
Thursday 10 AM - 5 PM
Friday 11 AM–6:30 PM
Saturday 10 AM–6:30 PM
Sunday 10 AM–6:30 PM


“Best mattress store in the area! I visited over the weekend and was helped by Sean! I was very anxious as I don’t know much about mattresses, however Sean was so knowledgeable and patient while I tried to make a decision. Sean took the time to show me all my options that fit my preferences (I love a soft bed) and I didn’t feel pressured in the slightest to make a purchase or buy a specific brand! Would recommend to anyone looking for a new mattress!” Nova Story



SleePare Mattress Store Tyson’s Corner
If you’ve shopped the in-person mattress stores from big brands at the Tyson’s Corner Center Mall or become frustrated with the inability to find a memory foam mattress with the perfect firmness for your needs, stop in to see SleePare. Our Tyson’s, Virginia, mattress store offers a Nectar mattress that you can try out in person without any obligation to buy from us. SleePare Mattress Store on Spring Hill Road will allow you to lay on a Nectar mattress to try it out. 

SleePare Mattress Store Tysons’s Corner

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Tyson's Corner
Address:  1524 Spring Hill Rd, McLean, VA 22102, USA
Phone number: 866-753-2408
Email address: tysons@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/tysons-va/
Hours And Location

Monday 11 AM–7 PM
Tuesday 11 AM–7 PM
Wednesday 11 AM–7 PM
Thursday 1 PM-7 PM
Friday 11 AM–7 PM
Saturday 9:30 AM–7 PM
Sunday 9:30 AM–7 PM


“The SleePare mattress store in Tyson’s is a great idea put into practice. This store allows you try out multiple on-line higher end mattresses in one location. In addition, the store manager Dustin Morgan is very knowledgeable about the characteristics of the different mattress brands and the offerings within those brands. There is no hard sell. Just take your time and try out the different mattresses and ask Dustin questions as you go along. It is best to make an appointment, which is easy to do online.” Mitch King



SleePare Mattress Store Miami
In Miami, there’s nothing better than getting into a bed with optimal levels of comfort and support to doze off to sleep with the waterfront behind you. If you’re not sleeping well enough, check out the benefits a Nectar mattress can bring to your nights. The best place to try a Nectar mattress in Miami in person is SleePare. Our SleePare Mattress Store in Miami is right on NW 36th Street, and you can test out numerous memory foam mattresses to find the one that is best for you.

SleePare Mattress Store Miami

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Miami
Address:  217 NW 36th St, Miami, FL 33127, USA
Phone number: 866-671-7981
Email address: miami@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/miami-fl/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM–6:30 PM
Tuesday 10:30 AM–6:30 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM–6:30 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 5 PM
Friday 11 AM–6:30 PM
Saturday 10:30 AM–6:30 PM
Sunday 10:30 AM–6:30 PM


“Excellent customer service. I really love this mattress. It feels really firm and just right for me. There are many choices to pick from. I really love the prices too. Strongly recommended. There is nothing more important that a good night sleep.” Aldo Salas



SleePare Mattress Store Chicago
The incredibly busy lives of those who live in the Windy City make it incredibly important to get a great night’s sleep every night. If you’ve purchased a mattress before that just did not provide the results you wanted, it makes sense that you’re after mattresses you can try out in person. Before you purchase a Nectar, visit our Chicago SleePare Mattress Store located right on W. Irving Park Rd. It’s the best place to try a Nectar mattress before you buy.

Chicago

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Chicago
Address:  4866 W Irving Park Rd, Chicago, IL 60641, United States
Phone number: +1 866-298-1864
Email address: chicago@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/chicago-il/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Tuesday 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Friday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Saturday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Sunday 10:30 AM - 7 PM


“I was pleasantly surprised by the level of service and quality at this store. The staff was friendly, and entire showroom is soon clean and spacious. They have a huge variety of online beds and they guide you through them so its not as overwhelming. I ended up purchasing winked blue, super comfortable!!” Omar Baker

 

SleePare Mattress Store Toronto
Mattresses are not all the same. When you need to sleep well and don’t want to just guess which mattress really fits your needs, visit our SleePare Mattress Store in Toronto. If you’re asking, “Is there anywhere to try a Nectar mattress to find out what it’s really like?” Visit us! We strive to provide you with the confidence you want in a mattress in your budget without any blind buying necessary. Find out how comfortable a Nectar mattress is by visiting us on Dufferin Street.



Name: SleePare Mattress Store Toronto
Address:  2737 Dufferin St, Toronto, ON M6B 3R5, Canada
Phone number: 437-860-7033
Email address: info@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/ca/toronto-on/
Hours And Location

Monday 11 AM - 7 PM
Tuesday 11 AM - 7 PM
Wednesday 11 AM - 7 PM
Thursday 11 AM - 7 PM
Friday 11 AM - 7 PM
Saturday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Sunday 10:30 AM - 7 PM


“I recently visited SleePare and had a fantastic experience! The employees were incredibly helpful and friendly, making the entire shopping process a breeze. They carry a wide variety of mattresses, catering to every comfort need you can imagine. Whether you're looking for something firm, soft, or in between, they have it all. I found the perfect mattress that suits my sleeping preferences, and I couldn't be happier with my purchase. Highly recommend this store for anyone in the market for a new mattress!” Natasha Bodra



SleePare Mattress Store Long Island
Long Island is known for everything from the best pizza out there to a nightlife that doesn’t stop. Hard-working people, holistic-seeking adventurers, and those who just want the kids to sleep through the night need good sleep. Nectar may offer the satisfaction you want, but you do not have to take our word for it. Visit our SleePare Mattress Store in Long Island right on the Hampstead Turnpike. At our mattress stores, you can test a Nectar mattress.

Long Island

Name: SleePare Mattress Store Long Island
Address:  2138 Hempstead Turnpike, East Meadow, NY 11554 USA
Phone number: +1 315-918-7967
Email address: longisland@sleepare.com
Website: https://www.sleepare.com/mattress-stores/long-island-ny/
Hours And Location

Monday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Tuesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Wednesday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Thursday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Friday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Saturday 10:30 AM - 7 PM
Sunday 10:30 AM - 7 PM


“Patrick was so attentive and very knowledgeable about the mattress. No pressure sales. He invited me to take my time and allowed me to test a few beds. The beds are amazing, and so was Patrick. I am looking forward to the delivery of my Dream Bed.” Hope DeVenuto



Additional Services and Amenities at SleePare Stores
Expect the best when you visit our SleePare stores to try out a Nectar mattress. You can see and feel the difference by taking a break on one of our in-stock mattresses, which are ready for you to try out without any risk. We aim to offer a wide range of benefits to you, including:

Accessibility
Wheelchair-accessible seating
Wheelchair-accessible toilet
Service options
Curbside pickup
Delivery
In-store pick-up
In-store shopping
On-site services
Same-day delivery
 

What Models of Nectar Mattresses are available? 
When you visit our stores, you can check out the materials, feel, comfortableness, and coolness of Nectar mattresses in person. We have numerous Nectar mattress models available to you, though not all are available for in-store testing. Give us a call to find out which options are currently available to test.

Benefits of testing a Nectar mattress in a SleePare Store
Feel the comfort of a foam mattress in person and check out these benefits:

Get expert sleep advice from our experts, who are ready to answer your questions.
Free napping, yes, we mean it!
Top-rated online brands in a store near you to try out in person.
The risk-free trial that Nectar offers includes a 365-night guarantee.
Best Price Guarantee means you pay the best cost possible no matter where you decide to buy.
The extended Return Policy gives you a 365-night trial.
Free Shipping means you do not have to pay to have Nectar mattresses shipped to you or delivered.
In-store mattress testing lets you try out all of the best online mattress brands in person to find the one mattress right for you.
White Glove Delivery brings your mattress to your location on the date you need it, sets it up, and helps you start sleeping better as a result.
For more detailed guidance on how to test a mattress in-store, check out our full list of tips. These insights will help you make the most informed decision possible.

Can I make an appointment for my store visit?
Yes, you can make an appointment to visit our stores. We recommend doing so to have the best in-person expeirence possible. To check out the recent advances and try out a mattress in-store, book an appointment in our stores now! Visit our Store Page to get started.

Can I book an after-hours appointment?
Yes, you can book an after-hour appointment at SleePare. Before you buy, contact us to set up an after-hours appointment that fits your schedule. Take advantage of our in-person testing before you spend anything.

Can I buy a Nectar mattress in-store?
Yes, that’s the benefit of SleePare. You can see the mattresses you want, including some of the best Nectar mattresses available on display, try them out, feel your pain improve and even toss and turn a bit to see just how well you like it.

Delivery
Buy the bed you want, and let us deliver it right to your door. Clients who have purchased with SleePare get outstanding service and free delivery. We ship it right to your door.

White-Glove Service
One of our extra services is White-Glove delivery. Our team will set up your bed for you, getting it all figured out without you lifting a finger to do so.

Return Policy / Exchange Policy
With a full year – 365 night return policy and exchange policy, you do not have to worry about not liking your mattress. The forever warranty really matter for your memory foam purchase.

Free Trial 
You can get a 365-night trial of the Nectar memory foam mattress. That is a full year of sleeping on a foam mattress before you decide.


What firmness levels can I buy at your store?
Memory foam is a supportive product, but there are various levels of firmness available in foam mattresses. We offer the following levels of Nectar mattress memory foam mattresses:

Soft
Medium
Firm
You can purchase all of these memory foam Nectar mattresses from SleePare, but not all of them are available to try out in store all of the time. If you are looking for a specific firmness in your memory foam mattress, give us a call first.

Can I try other Nectar products? 
You can find many of the Nectar products available online in stock with SleePare. Our inventory changes often, but we offer pillows, mattress protectors, sheets, beds, and adjustable bed options ready to go home with you. Ask us about all our sale prices on in stock purchases, too.

What other brands can I test at SleePare?
Are you sure that a memory foam bed is right for you? Don’t worry, you can check out numerous options in store. Find the option for you, including brands such as:

Helix
Bear
Malouf
BedGear
Mlily
Puffy
Brooklyn Bedding
Ghostbed
Leesa
Polysleep
Winkbeds
How can I contact SleePare customer support?
You can reach SleePare customer support through the following channels, depending on your location:

Phone Numbers by Location:
New York City: 866-841-5063
Chicago: 3474507788
Los Angeles: 866-699-2528
Tysons Corner: 866-753-2408
Boston: 866-545-8644
Miami: 866-671-7981
Long Island: +1 315-918-7967
Toronto (Canada): 437-860-7033
Email Address
Email: info@sleepare.com 
Additional Support
Contact Form: Book Appointment
Contact SleePare for more information or book an appointment at the store.

Frequently Asked Questions
Can I try a Nectar mattress at any major retail stores?
No, you cannot. Since Nectar is an online mattress brand, customers cannot try it out anywhere but SleePare. If you want to feel the cool comfort under your skin, determine which layer of firmness supports your hips and shoulders, and learn how well you like memory foam in the first place, visit SleePare.

Are the SleePare stores that carry Nectar mattresses wheelchair accessible?
Yes, we welcome you to try out our bed options! All of our locations are wheelchair accessible. If you need special support or any assistance, reach out to us for help.

How long should you try a mattress before returning it? 
With the 365 night trial offered by Nectar, you really have plenty of time to try out your bed! We encourage you to return your bed if it is not providing you with the rest you need. Most people need a few weeks to really see and feel the difference.  